everybody knows that movesets are
incredibly important in the world of
Pokemon but what would happen if you
gave some of the strongest Pokemon in
the game the completely wrong set of
moves well there are actually two
interesting test cases for this in gen
1. ride on and Chansey they're both OU
Pokemon that fill very specific niches
in The Meta but they can learn a lot of
moves that don't really match up to
their stats Chansey has the lowest
attack stat in the entire game a paltry
base 5 in attack that means it's weaker
at physical attacks than something like
Abra and yet all of its level up moves
are physical attacking moves and while
it can learn an awful lot of special
moves via TM it also learns moves like
submission and mega kick and Hyper Beam
and body slam that would just never make
sense on this Pokemon
and ride on can get a moveset that is
equally strange
despite the fact that it has only a 45
base special it can learn via TM and hm
moves like surf Ice Beam Thunderbolt
fire blast meaning that you could in
theory run a ride on that was just a
special attacker
but how bad would these top-tier Pokemon
be if they were just running moves that
didn't match their stats would they
still Crush the game would they become
completely impossible would they have to
get to level 100 well I decided to set
up a versus race to find out
so let's break down some rules we are
going to start both of these Pokemon off
with a move set that looks really really
strong but is completely mismatched to
their stats the ride on Via the Gen 2
move tutor is gonna have moves like Ice
Beam flamethrower and Thunderbolt as
well as surf which can be learned via hm
in basically any cartridge
the Chansey on the other hand is going
to be given body slam Hyper Beam we're
gonna give it submission just to give it
a little coverage against the rock types
and finally it's gonna have mimic mimic
is incredibly important because this is
going to be the only way for it to be
able to hit ghosts
we're gonna restrict mimic to only being
used for enemy physical attacks though
and since ghost is physical in gen 1 we
can mimic moves like Lick in order to
deal damage
we're going to completely ban any moves
that do fixed damage or that in some way
bypass our stats in the damage
calculation so a move like bite for
example doesn't really use our Pokemon
stats so that is going to be banned
now we will allow these Pokemon to learn
other moves as they go through the game
TM and hm moves for example but only if
they fit the theme of the Pokemon so
Chansey can only learn physical moves
and ride on can only learn special moves
moves that are not attacking moves
things like leer or soft-boiled are
completely banned
outside of that all my typical solo run
rules apply so of course no items of
battle no other Pokemon in battle in
some cases I will be doing blackout
training in those cases if I have other
Pokemon in the party for HMS for example
I simply will faint those Pokemon
without ever dealing damage to my
opponents so with all that being said
let's get into it starting out by
getting our starters and taking on Rival
one neither of these Pokemon are going
to have any trouble with the Rival one
fight in the case of ride on it's just a
matter of spamming surf four times and
the Eevee will very easily go down it
can do basically no damage to ride on so
this is a guaranteed win a hundred
percent of the time
[Music]
where while Chansey takes a lot more
damage when it gets tackled
body slam is same type and does have the
ability to paralyze it turns out to just
be a three hit KO
but here's where our two Challengers are
going to already start to deferge
ride On's moveset gives it tons of type
coverage it has a water move electric
move ice move and fire move meaning that
basically anything it at least has a
neutrally effective move but most of the
time it has super effective moves
you see on the other hand only has
normal and fighting type moves and that
means that it's never going to be super
effective against really anything at
least not for quite a while and that
should mean that it's going to take a
lot longer to get through a lot of these
fights
on the flip side of that is the fact
that Chansey is in the fast level up
Group Well ride on is in the slow level
up Group which means that Chansey
grinding levels will actually gain
levels at a faster rate than ride on
meaning if it does have to gain extra
levels to beat a certain opponent it
should be able to do that faster for
this section at least the real
difference is that ride on can go
directly to Brock it has a four-time
super effective move in Surf whereas
Chansey is going to have to grind tons
of battles here because even the super
effective submission that's on its
moveset doesn't do a lot to the rock
types because they have such high
defense stats anyway so we're gonna have
to find a way through that fight without
hopefully losing too much time on ride
on but ride on is getting straight to
the Brock fight
foreign
so here let's get into the Brock fight
we're bringing a rock to a brock fight
amen
[Laughter]
I'm bringing rocks to the Brock fight
[Music]
surfing rocks oh
get surfed oh there we go oh it's not a
one-hitter what
one shot of Geodude with a four-time
super effective sir this is stupid
stupid
okay it's a two-hitter there on onyx so
we get through we level up to level
eight that's much lower than we
typically would be
so while Rhydon completely crushes Brock
on minimum battles I mean the only thing
it didn't do was one shot his Pokemon
chanty's gonna be grinding away here for
quite a while
when I did the Chansey run last year I
found that at the very least even with a
very inconsistent setup Chancey would
need at least level 23 to beat Brock
with its normal moves pound growl and
double slap but in this case we do have
some stronger moves so I'm hopeful that
we won't lose too much time on the ride
on and ride on is gonna be stuck
grinding a lot of extra battles in order
to beat Misty so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna fight all the trainers in this
section and then if I can just manage to
beat the Geodude consistently we'll
start blackout training basically just
intentionally knocking out only one of
Brock's Pokemon and then letting the
second Pokemon knock us out and keeping
the experience in my resets counter I
only count resets when I don't gain
extra experience every time I gain XP it
counts as an optional battle it's for
this reason that I count optional
battles off more in my personal scoring
system than I do resets because resets
aren't adding additional XP
and we need more XP so let's take on
Rival 1A at first we're still not
getting through Rock at this level I can
say that definitively
um your body slam body slam body slam
okay he just goes Lira return that's
fine
so we didn't get any attack drops look
at the tackle dude just massive damage
though and now he's lowered my accuracy
Hyper Beam yes there we go Fat Chance
could learn double slap
I'm not going to learn double slap with
Chansey Fat Chance has a chance to fight
Brock at level 13.
very nice very very nice
[Music]
okay so now here in the Brock fight of
course we just go submission on the
Geodude but here's where we change our
strategy we're actually gonna body slam
here and hope to get a paralysis
if we paralyze this one he'll heal
paralysis but he doesn't recover the
speed drop from paralysis which means we
can out speed at that point and we out
speed so as long as we keep him in the
bind He's just never gonna release
energy anyway
and yeah okay so we used up all of the
PPE
so they're all body slam now I'll go
into my submissions
you know just hoping oh that he doesn't
do that no he binded me
but we can see a strategy right a basic
strategy has already come into place you
slow him down then you mimic binds so
that you can do damage without him
hitting you back
for a while
and then you
hopefully just win from there okay we
level up to level 14 here
um here we can in fact mimic bind
but here I'm also going to body slam
hoping for the paralysis
come on paralyzed paralyze him
paralyze him
oh there we go
now we just bind and he can full heal
that's fine we don't care we don't care
about the full heal we care about the
fact that he can't move
as many turns as possible we want him to
just not be able to move so that we can
get him down into a range where we at
least have a chance right a fat chance
perhaps but a chance nonetheless
so uh yeah Chansey come on
a and there we go we take him down at
level 14. so
that was fine that was perfectly fine we
have the strategy we know what to do
you know we're we're 14 minutes into
this but we have beaten Brock so
now while Chansey was fighting against
Brock ride on was already making its way
through Mount Moon and on its way to
Cerulean City but this isn't an
insurmountable lead ride on is gonna
have a ton of trouble against Misty and
it can't progress in the game without
beating her her four-time super
effective moves plus smart AI is gonna
make that one pretty tough now both of
these Pokemon are gonna have to take
tons of optional battles in this one in
order to make this work and I can't
commentate every single one so there is
a link to a live commentary completely
unedited for both of these in the
description below same as every video so
if you want more details check those out
for now let's see how ride on does
against rival number two
uh Misty I don't think happens at this
point
um at level 17 I don't think I beat her
in my original minimum battle series at
level 17 with this Pokemon I'm pretty
sure that the way I got through her was
I went all the way down I fought Rivals
three I got all the XP that I could got
the Dig TM and dig is great for for a
ride on you know 100 base power same
type move
we don't have anything like that here so
let's take on Rival 2 instead and we're
going to start off I think with some ice
ice beam oh we froze it
oh we destroyed that one
um ice I give you the power's Vice oh we
get a sand attack but that's okay we'll
surf this one down
and now I think we're just surfing the
rest of the way we're just praying for
it to hit because we have one accuracy
drop but we one shot there on the
Rattata so nice it has very bad specials
so very good
on the other hand is sand attacking us
and it has decent stats so
we managed to three hit it okay nice
nice nice I I just fine with that that's
now as mentioned in that last battle
I've actually done runs with both of
these Pokemon before last year I did a
minimum battles run with ride on where
we beat the entire game at level 56 and
I did a Chansey run where in spite of
the fact that we had to level up
pre-brock we actually finished the game
at level 58. so both of these Pokemon
are capable of beating the game at
reasonably low levels provided they're
using normal strategies so it's going to
be very interesting to see how far off
of those they come when they're using
completely mismatched movesets what we
can say already is that both of these
Pokemon are having to grind a lot more
levels than they had to in those
original runs because in those original
runs you would simply get bubble Beam
for a Chansey after beating Misty and
get dig in order to make the ride on
completely overpowered in the early game
but because those aren't options here
we're gonna have to find other ways to
get through these opponents and it's
just gonna start with grinding a lot of
extra levels so that we can do more
damage so interestingly enough it turned
out that both of our Challengers ended
up taking their first shot at Misty at
approximately the same time in spite of
ride On's massive lead
[Music]
thank you
so here water gun destroyed us
a single water gun from the Staryu yes
it's a critical hit but I don't think it
matters
so right on failed in its first attempt
against Misty and now Chansey has a shot
to take her down
so here body slam is the clear play
we want to get these ones paralyzed if
we can oh look at the water gun do like
nothing
and Tackle not super strong so we have a
chance here I think oh and we get the
paralysis turn one nice
so now
[Music]
we're gonna just use up all the body
slams here
[Music]
get the pritz there we go so we beat
Misty right away that was easy he easy
just hold down the a button on body slam
and win
so that fight really illustrates a
couple of advantages that Chansey has
over ride on it has better typing and it
has the special stat for its defense
rather than relying on the defense stat
think of how many gym leaders in gen 1
use special attacks rather than physical
attacks
Misty Lieutenant Serge Erica Sabrina
Koga Blaine they're all basically
special attackers just mixing in some
physical attacks the only gym leader
that really uses physical attacks is
Giovanni but will it be enough for
Chansey to catch up to ride on we're
gonna just have to find out and it's
gonna have to start by taking down rival
number two let's see how this one goes
let's try rival 2. this guy is kind of
scary honestly
um
because he knows
sand attack here
and we paralyzed yes he's fully
paralyzed Hyper Beam
does the job yes
[Music]
okay so technically submission is
stronger here so I'll go for it
and here we'll body slam that one down
and then here submission is the
strongest play He misses sand attack
nice
submit it submit it no come on there we
go
we get through no problem
[Music]
so with rival 2 going down Chansey can
make its way across nugget bridge and
it's finally gonna have a chance to make
up some ground on the ride on ride on is
going to be in the middle of a massive
grinding session right here trying to
get enough levels in order to get
through Misty and it's not looking like
it's gonna be anytime soon that it's
gonna get that done while Thunderbolt is
super effective against her team it's a
very weak Thunderbolt meaning that we
can't even One-Shot the first Pokemon at
this point and if we're just getting one
shot by Bubble beam or water gun we're
basically just sitting here with no
chance so I'm gonna basically fight
everything with the ride on hoping that
I can get enough levels to get through
but that means fighting rival number
three so let's Jump Ahead to that fight
and see how ride on does
so here rival number threes leaving off
with a Spiro we're just gonna go
Thunderbolts on this one it is a one-hit
KO nice let's uh go some flamethrower
here on the Rattata we outsped that was
good Ice Beam here on the Sandshrew is a
one shot nice and we're just gonna use
some more flamethrowers here on the
Eevee we've burned it so it's going to
take some extra damage
now even if he like somehow lowered my
accuracy would be fine we level up to
level 29 okay perfect but now we have to
see if we can beat Misty at our current
level
um otherwise there are more trainers
down south west of Vermilion City there
are some even north of Vermillion City
that we didn't fight but
yeah Misty time round two let's go
all right so uh there's the star you
level 18 I think we can survive a hit
and Thunderbolt that down now we may
very much need
yeah
we we get wrecked there
um we probably need her to X defend is
my thought
if she uses the X defense I think we
have a shot at least to get through we
could get the lucky paralysis
um but she is pretty consistently just
two shotting us here
so we're not gonna sit here and just uh
grind it out I don't think I think we're
going to go back down south fight some
more trainers because there are more
available until we can get through this
fight with reasonable consistency
remember we're on zero DBS or zero IVs
if you're coming from later gens
and this kind of tells us that this
might be terrible in the late game we
might struggle a lot on Lorelei if we
can uh now it's time to take on Misty
again at our even higher level level 31.
and otherwise if we can just beat her
star you we're just gonna have to start
blackout grinding here because she's the
only trainer left
and all the other trainers that are
actually legally available to fight at
this point so
yeah this is kind of bad
so here we go
she X defense turn one perfect we get a
one shot to Staryu
she X defense turn one on the Starmie oh
and then she bubble beams oh God oh God
I'm just gonna let Charmander Get
Wrecked here and I'm going to put
Charmander into the PC and we're just
gonna black out grind
against this one until we finally
managed to get through what level are we
gonna be able to be misty clearly not
level 31 that was like the best luck we
possibly could get until she uses the
bubble beam if she had used water gun I
think we might have won there but we've
leveled up to level 32 but she bubble
beams oh God oh God
we're we're you know only 11 levels
higher only only just just slightly
higher leveled than her
um maybe in a couple levels will
outspeed the star you and that could
matter but we're we're still just gonna
get killed
so here let's uh try
another one
yet another one
all right X defend yes we get a destroy
Staryu
bubble beam we survived the bubble beam
and we get the critical hit
the the one and what is that a one in 15
chance approximately a one in uh 14
chance probably to critical hit and we
got it so there we go we have beaten
Misty
oh man that was bad that was bad bad
and with Misty going down we have an
incredibly easy fight against Lieutenant
surge so we're gonna go there
immediately before we mess with anything
Rock Tunnel related let's go and beat
Lieutenant Serge get a badge boost in
defense and hopefully set up right on to
have a really big lead on this chassis
Lieutenant surge is going to be
incredibly easy I think but we do need
HP
I think that's the only thing that we
need is HP so I'm just going to hyper
potion here we picked up that random
hyper potion on the SSN so now let's get
into this fight
[Music]
let's see
okay
here
it's looking like
oh we burned him yes so it turned out to
be a forehead KO with the burn 5 hit KO
without the burn
and we got a critical hit at the
beginning so it's probably really like a
six hit KO there
so with that incredibly easy fight out
of the way ride on can now make its way
through the Rock Tunnel and it should be
able to get to Celadon City pretty
easily but that might be where the easy
part of the game ends for ride on we're
about to have a section where we have to
either beat Erica Koga or rival five and
all three of them use Smart Ai and
special attacking moves which might just
be insurmountable for this ride on so
the real question is can Chansey catch
up in that section enough to make this a
really competitive race
for now it's battling the trainers on
the ssan preparing for rival 3 but
actually all these extra battles are
looking ahead to another trainer but
let's get to that when we get there
first rival 3 let's see how it goes and
let's get into the Rival number three
fight here
[Music]
57 minutes not too bad not too bad at
all
so here body slam one shots nice
submission oh we got hit by the
the hyper Fang too but submission does
take that one down here I'm going to
mimic Slash from this one
slash
slash okay
just because I want the critical hits
we get sand attacked a bunch but it
doesn't matter we we take him down no
problem no problem at all just make sure
that we have full health let's get into
the lieutenant surge fight let's see how
it goes here
all right level 38
GNC up against his level 28 rat
here he uses X speed we could paralyze
him
or we get paralyzed no oh we did
paralyze him though are we Thunderbolts
again I'm gonna go Hyper Beam there we
go GNC beats Lieutenant surge just like
that if you went hard on Mega kick and
hit us every time we might have lost but
fortunately he's he's not that smart yes
but just as Fat Chance is taking
Lieutenant search down memezilla's
already made his way all the way to
Lavender and it can continue to extend
its lead because rival 4 isn't really
that hard don't think this is a huge
issue and uh here we can just
Thunderbolt on the Pharaoh even if we
don't one shot it if it mirror moves
which it shouldn't but it would just you
know use Thunderbolt which would do
nothing so yeah
okay so now Magnemite comes out we're
going to flamethrower it a couple times
clearly
the best play now we can Thunderbolt on
the shelter nice
Here We can surf on this Sandshrew there
nice and we'll just stick with surf
right here
no problem
and uh yeah it's a three hit KO there on
the EV but that was fine that was
perfectly fine
and with that fight out of the way
memezilla is gonna go straight to
Celadon City and see what its fight
looks like against Erica I mean Fat
Chance is so far behind that we probably
don't need to worry too much about
losing a little time just testing this
one out
thank you
she always goes grass attacking moves so
here Vine whip does that much
Ice Beam does not freeze and we get
destroyed
I I think I can safely say that Erica is
not happening at this point
so right on officially hits its first
wall but you may have noticed that
Chansey hasn't really been catching up
in spite of all this extra battling that
the ride-on's been doing and the reason
is because chancey's been taking a lot
of optional battles as well but not for
a gym leader no it's for the toughest
trainer in the entire game
time for the self-destruct hiker let's
see if Chansey can get through this and
how many attempts it's gonna take can I
beat him on the first attempt that would
be stupid especially whenever I talk up
a fight as being really hard seems like
I always get really lucky after that so
here that did more than half
and then there's the self-destruct
taking us down to Orange health
hey we hit him self-destruct again we're
down to 38 HP
and he self-destructs and we die
so we have to reset because otherwise we
would technically win the fight there
um
but let's just try again let's try one
more time here just for the sake of
argument
um
okay he goes rock throw that time rock
throw we don't really mind the rock
throws if we can just hit
okay so we get through the first one
without any self-destructs that was
actually pretty pretty clutch then we
get self-destruct okay
and
please just defense girl oh he goes
tackle and he missed
oh that's brilliant okay I'm just gonna
Max potion there
so I had level 41 Fat Chance was able to
beat the Rock Tunnel hiker but we can
see that this was not a consistent fight
it took a lot of luck to get that Miss
on the final turn and this has me
nervous about some of the later game
trainers I mean what are we gonna do
against Giovanni is Bruno actually gonna
be hard in this one we're gonna need to
grind a ton of levels before we even
attempt those trainers because otherwise
Fat Chance is probably getting wrecked
but there is a silver lining Fat Chance
seems to finally be catching up to
memezilla I mean it's busy over there
trying to catch a wild Pokemon and
failing miserably so we can take this
chance to go ahead and take on Rival 4
with fat chance and just see if we can
catch up a little I'm not sure what is
our Saving Grace though is this is a
speed based Challenge and Chansey is in
the fast level up group
something that I don't think people have
even commented on in the like poll is
that we're in the fast level up group
and that makes a huge difference a huge
difference I don't I don't care what
anybody else says it is massive
so uh yeah here let's Hyper Beam on a
Vulpix oh it doesn't knock it out that's
too bad body slam
here I'm going to mimic the Slash
yes you slash I slash we all slash
and here let's submit this one if we can
oh God no no we're being sand attacked
to death
[Music]
no come on come on now he's growling
oh and look at that we just don't do any
damage
your Hyper Beam
oh we get knocked out because we just
couldn't hit oh God
the bad luck the sheer bad luck of this
fight
oh God he's just gonna kill me now I'm
I'm letting him kill me of course I
don't want to get XP with these other
Pokemon
you know like I'm never allowed to
damage opponents with other Pokemon
because otherwise you know
GNC has to win these fights on its own
guys
that's what I'm saying
so here body slam
body slam body slam hey body slim but we
get a growl that's not good now this
one's going for the uh
or the withdrawal Strat
hey we knocked that one out though
so here body slam
go for the Hyper Beam now okay there we
go
here we really want the
slash because slash ignores stat changes
so
theoretically it should set us up to do
decent damage even with the growls and
whatnot coming in
cool
so we've finally reached a point in this
run where both of our Challengers are
basically neck and neck
Chansey is just testing out whether or
not it can actually beat Ghost types by
using the mimic and lick strategy and it
turns out that against these ghastlys
it's really not that bad when Chansey
does get confused it doesn't do much
damage to itself because the game uses
your own attack stat to calculate damage
and since we have only 5 base attack
that's really not much on top of that we
have the ability to use the lick which
is super effective so we take down the
Agatha Junior trainer as she's famously
known and at the same time meme Zilla is
just smashing his way through the Rocket
game Corner these trainers can do
literally nothing to it in fact let's
just jump straight ahead to the Giovanni
fight so that we can see how badly he
gets wrecked okay so here we have
leveled up to level 40. of course we
will not learn Fury attack
which means we're going surf here
and yeah I've I've called it three hit
KO knew it I know my ranges guys I can I
can already predict like what the range
is gonna be on a lot of opponents
just based on like a random fight with a
you know weaker weaker enemy a lot of
times because
you know you just kind of you get a feel
right after a while you're like Yep this
is how the game works
but before you guys get to thinking that
suddenly these runs are becoming super
easy let's look at a couple fights side
by side memezilla is fighting rival five
while Chansey is fighting one of the
trainers in Erica's gym here memezilla
gets completely destroyed by a single
clamp from The Cloister meaning that as
long as we can't out speed that one
we're probably getting wrecked
at the same time Chansey has found
itself in a basically impossible battle
it's been growled and paralyzed and it
has a leech seed and since leech seed
heals your opponent based on your HP
stat the higher your HP is the more
damage your opponent heals every single
turn so if we get leech seated we might
just be unable to win a fight
well the champion in Pokemon yellow
actually has a leech seed on his
exeggutor so in this one the opponent is
healing more damage than we can output
thanks to our ridiculously low attack
stat and that means that if we get to
the end of the game and that exeggutor
uses a leech seed GNC might just have
zero chance of beating the game
fortunately GNC does match up pretty
well against Erica So Fat Chance might
just be getting its fourth badge faster
than memezilla
[Music]
Erica old Erica
so here I'm going to body slam of course
let's just try to take this one down
fortunately constrict and bind don't
really do that much but that
guys we gotta get the bind yes
so now we can body slam here
[Music]
a
now it's paralyzed and here now we can
ever be nice
so here we kind of want to paralyze this
one oh acid no don't use acid
hey we paralyzed it Razor Leaf does like
nothing so that's fine body slam there
body slam oh we get paralyzed here but
that'll dance I don't think we'll do too
much yeah we get to Erica just fine
Erica's easy easy easy at level 45
so in spite of all of its early game
struggles Chansey is actually the first
to finish four badges
the problem is that right on is still
technically out ahead ride on has beaten
more of the required trainers in the
game it's already cleared out the entire
Rocket game corner it's beaten the
lavender Tower and right now it's trying
to take on the trainers in koga's gym
and while meme Zilla completely crushed
everything in the Rocket game Corner
including Giovanni that fight might just
be a little too much for fat chance
now we have submission which is
technically super effective against
everything on Giovanni's team the
question is is it enough
so here submission number one misses
submission two hits oh he uses rage
oh God
no he's doing so much damage with Rage 2
and now we raised his rage okay it says
three hit KO though
or an attack oh look at the horn attack
no
see I told you guys
told you guys I'm not over leveled
like you didn't believe me did you
I know what's up I know this one only
uses horn attack and it's gonna
completely wreck me
this is this is ridiculous
so op
[Music]
P so uh there are some more rockets in
here to beat up on so I think we do that
first let's just beat up on some Rockets
So body slam
there we go we defeat to that rocket so
we've defeated all the members of Team
Rocket in here except for Giovanni
you know he's the only decent one anyway
but uh
yeah this is this is kind of bad still
got enough HP to get through that nice
and here he guards specs turn one he
growls turn two
screeches turns three and we take him
down there we go see that that was fine
that was fine now
of course he just had to be hard the
first time
So Fat Chance does manage to get through
Giovanni at level 48 but just as it was
doing so it turns out that Rhydon is
taking its first shot at Koga
[Music]
okay there we go
so we
do out speed the first venonat
flamethrower is not a one-hitter but he
misses with the Sleep powder so that's
good
we're gonna stick with flames over here
it's gonna be a two hit KO on the second
venonat
uh Flames over here the third venonat is
faster than we are and it can put us to
sleep and then it's just gonna use
psychic while we're asleep he X attacks
though that was good
uh he's going X attack X attack doesn't
really mean anything because we are of
course not weak to that now the problem
is venomoth which is gonna use psychic
and knock us out but we did get through
the three venonats so memezilla has
finally hit a wall that will actually
give Fat Chance a chance to catch up
both of these Pokemon are gonna have to
take some optional battles at this point
because they're a pretty big opponents
in front of them but at least they have
the same number of badges at this point
and they're at the same point in the
game we go straight down to fuchsia with
fat chance as well and start beating up
on the trainers in koga's gym so this is
really neck and neck at this point now I
decided to test out a few times with her
I could beat Erica whether I could beat
rival 5 whether it could be Koga I'm not
going to cover all those fights here you
can check those out in the live
commentaries that are always linked down
in the description for now let's skip
ahead and find out which one of our
Challengers is able to win a major
battle first
let's save the game let's try rival five
one more time
so here we go
strategy we out speed now so I'm going
to surf on the first sand slash it's
it's still not a one-hit KO I'll use ice
cream to finish it off
um here Thunderbolts
does one shot there with a critical hit
okay I'm going Ice Beam on the Magneton
it's looking like a three hit range
Maybe
okay now cadabra I'm also going Ice Beam
this is looking like a three-hitter
you potions so we do knock him out nice
and here I'm gonna stick with oh wait no
I should be using surf rip
here we go surf
and we still need to land one more surf
we got sand attacked once
okay but we do get through okay and we
level up to level 54. nice nice nice so
memesil is the first one to make
progress against a major opponent
knocking out rival five but Fat Chance
was not just waiting here it's taking
its first attempt at Koga as that fight
was going on let's see if it can keep
this neck and neck
[Music]
so here let's just see
we can body slam here
toxic Mist nice so that's an easy three
hit KO your body slam body slam okay
doesn't look like it's gonna be ko'd by
the next body slam so I'm trying to use
Hyper Beam to to finish this one off
we're just missing every single turn my
God
your body slam critical hit goes psychic
but I think Hyper Beam if it hits we'll
just finish this one it does
now the venomoth gets an X attack it
goes for psychic instead now it's
paralyzed now he goes for toxic
and now he goes for double team but we
knock him out there we go we get to
rukoga nice
so with that Victory fat chance now has
opened up a two badge lead but we have
to keep in mind that memezilla has
already beaten rival 5 and it's making
very quick work of Giovanni so these two
Pokemon are still pretty darn close it's
really hard to say which one is in the
lead it's a dramatic change from our
last race where we did mewpoo vs God
carp and it was clear by the second Gym
which one was going to win
here it's kind of surprising to find
that already in the middle game there's
not really an advantage to either of
these Pokemon the low special stat using
only special moves or the low attack
stat using only physical moves seems to
make basically no difference the
question is will that hold up as we get
into the late game but for now ride on
is ready to take its second attempt at
Koga let's see if meme Zilla can finally
get this one done
[Music]
here
flamethrower he's a one-hitter there
good
Flames are is a one-hitter there nice
Flames are one shot's there good
leech life does basically nothing Flames
horror
bleach life Flames are one more of
psychic
doesn't do enough there we go we get
through Koga we will not learn Lear at
level 55 are you kidding me
the game's like do you want to learn
Lear
odd all right so we are going to go
fight against Blaine next this is
strategy guys because
we need more special and Blaine gives
the badge boost in special so what meme
still appears to go down and take on
Blaine we're actually going a different
route with our Fat Chance
y does really need a batch boost in
special it doesn't really improve this
run in any sort of way because we're
only using physical moves and we've
already got enough special for defense
so instead we really want to find out
how many extra levels we need in order
to get through rival 5 and to get
through Giovanni and since there's a lot
of grinding opportunities in the Silph
Co building we may as well just go up
there gain extra levels until we're
finally able to get through those two
walls if we can do that then we might
just be able to keep the lead that we've
opened up in Badges and ultimately beat
our rival memezilla so let's find out at
what level we can beat rival 5 and how
long does it take
this one I'm not so confident in but
let's just see
level 58 Kian Chansey beat rival 5.
okay
oh he sand attacks me no
Hyper Beam okay so we finished that one
off good
here we get quick attack we've got the
sand attack on too
so we're not really hitting anything
which is bad
a here's a Cloister now we paralyze it
like I want a submission on this one
because it's super effective oh we hit
all the submissions too
your Hyper Beam hits Kadabra and one
shots it that's hilarious
now we're getting double kicked by this
Jolteon though and we actually need to
hit it come on
oh come on we just needed the paralysis
there
okay I'm just gonna keep the XP I'm just
gonna let him knock me out from here
um
[Music]
you know just doesn't make any sense but
we got pretty close to getting through
that fight that time I think without the
accuracy drop we might have even had it
because Jolteon it's not a super
defensive Pokemon right
so that's why I think this one's
probably possible
but
if we just get a bunch of slashes I
think we lose
okay so there we get through without any
accuracy drops that was nice
so here
[Music]
here I think how about a Hyper Beam just
to finish this one off nice
hey here Cloister let's go
hey clamps not too bad
we're not poisoned or anything so
your submission it's gonna do decent
damage
[Music]
he goes withdraw
here we get confused which is bad okay
now Hyper Beam one shots on cadabra yet
again but this time we're confused oh
and he gets a critical hit immediately
oh but we paralyzed him yes
be paralyzed no no oh we've got one HP
Hyper Beam oh we won
oh with one HP left on fat chance we
take down ride-ons Jolteon
oh my God
so is Fat Chance whops up the rest of
Silph Co let's go down and see how ride
on does in its first attempt against
blame
you know it doesn't lower our attack
Stat or the lower attacks that rather
just doesn't matter but
yeah look how much damage that
flamethrower is doing
two flamethrowers has us down to half HP
takedown does nothing though so that's
fine
stomp also basically nothing as long as
we don't flinch
ear Fire Blast has us down to 15 HP and
flamethrower ends us back to Blaney boy
let's take another shot here
level 56.
we're confused now we snap out of
confusion still a three hit KO here
though
okay
take down doesn't do much though so
that's fine we knocked that one out onto
Arginine takedown is fine we'll take
that all day flamethrower didn't do that
much
and Flames are again
oh we get through Blaney boy there we go
so as expected memezilla made very easy
work of Blaine but during that same time
Fat Chance was not just hanging around
it was fighting against Sabrina let's
see how that fight went
[Music]
let's see how this goes we're still
slower than our Pokemon though oh God
she misses flash though she she tried to
flash us and failed
here we get Kinesis here though but it
is a one-hitter on the Kadabra
she goes reflect
how about we get the crit
hey she tries to reflect again but now
she's recovered all the damage
here let's paralyze this one yes yes
paralysis
that's what I wanted
now we can't mimic anything because she
doesn't have any physical moves
and we are only allowed physical oh well
we get the crit
there we go so Sabrina goes down to our
body slams and we have beaten
gyms now we're about to go and try our
seventh gym
so through six gyms Fat Chance has taken
a small lead on memezilla it has a one
badge advantage and it's going into the
fire gym against Blaine where fire type
moves shouldn't really do that much
damage to a Chansey
however we do have to keep in mind that
memezilla has a nice new badge boost and
special and that might just be what it
needs in order to get through the Erica
and the Sabrina fights and if it can get
through those faster than Chansey
manages to beat Blaine it might retake
the advantage so it all comes down to
how this next fight against Erica goes
can we actually defeat her Pokemon at
this level with memezilla or will it
still be a wall
[Music]
Okay Ice Beam one shots okay yes Ice
Beam one shots oh here we go we got it
at level 57. so uh yeah the the fact
that we're now able to just one shot all
of her Pokemon was clearly
clearly the strategy you know just just
one hit KO everything you'll you'll win
probably I'm I'm
99.6 sure that you'll win if you can
just one shot everything did not point
four percent chance is because you could
just get a gentleman Miss
for Sabrina
let's try to beat her let's see if we
can just uh Rock her world here with our
rock type Pokemon
[Music]
so here we go
uh I think we go Ice Beam we're kind of
hoping to get the freeze
we just don't want to get flashed too
many times by her basically
Okay Ice Beam
and Ice Beam oh we froze it yes yes
that's exactly what we wanted now
we can wreck that one cool now we really
want to paralyze this Alakazam if we can
oh I called it yes yes my timing is
perfect the psy wave the psychic oh God
surf yes oh we get through
I was so nervous there that we were
about to get wrecked by her uh psychic
oh that was scary guys
thank God for this special boost that's
for sure
so with that fight it seems like
memezilla has again taken the lead
getting its seventh gym badge but at the
same time that that battle was happening
Fat Chance was taking its first shot at
Blaine meaning this might just stay
knotted up
[Music]
oh my God
so here body slam I think is the obvious
play
um we're confused we get tail whipped
a we paralyze it
and we knock it out cool
growl is bad bad okay Critical Hits are
good though I like crits
I like fire spin as well because fire
spin does basically nothing here
Hyper Beam to finish that one off cool
body slam we do paralyze
I'll take down no
if he goes take down too many times we
just get wrecked here
[Music]
we get taken down we had him all the way
down in red health
now that first attempt might make you
think that this is an incredibly simple
situation we're just gonna need a couple
more attempts just to get better luck
and we'll win this fight
but then I kept grinding and grinding
and grinding and it turns out that fat
chance really doesn't have much of a
chance at all at beating Blaine at its
current level so we're gonna be here for
a little while gaining extra levels and
in the meantime memezilla is taking its
first attempts at Giovanni
[Music]
in fact there are a lot of spots where
we probably want to go for Ice Beam to
try to get that to
maybe not get killed
yeah the first Dugtrio isn't a one-hit
KO here with Ice Beam
um here will flamethrower slash did
decent damage here he screeches which is
kind of nice because it raised our speed
um
but he still out speeds us so yeah we're
we're just dying with everything now
this is fine so we're up to level 60 now
um so we have
gotten a damage routing threshold that
might mean that the Doug Trio is just a
pure one hitter now
and rather than being arranged but it
depends may not be
um
yeah it's not it's still a range
we need more levels to get that to not
be arranged anymore
okay we knock out the Persian nice we
outsped there because of the badge
boosts on Nidoqueen
and we outsped here because of the badge
boost on Nidoking oh there we go
surf
does it oh we get through at level 60.
well that was stupid but we got through
we just got multiple screeches from the
uh Persian and they badge boosted us up
enough that we were able to out speed
everything that's why the badge boost
glitch is just so completely broken in
gen 1 like
a ride on should not be able to outspeed
anything there ever like we should have
to get to a massively high level at
least have any shot about speeding so uh
now it's time to take on Rival number
six and we basically need similar kinds
of luck here
We're Not Gonna out speed
uh we will out speed here so we can go
for surf
nice against the execute I'm gonna go
Ice Beam for the chance to freeze turns
out to not matter Cloister comes out we
can Thunderbolt here it's not a
one-hitter but it does get paralyzed we
can now go Flames horror it's just
mutually effective
um
here I'm going Ice Beam on magnaton
Magneton doesn't have anything super
scary here
so we can just take it down now Kadabra
all that
cybeam did so much damage
oh and he just goes triple Psy beam now
even very sped up we can see that ride
On's basically not getting through the
Rival 6 fight memezilla just doesn't
have the ability to survive all these
special attacks which means now our Fat
Chance has a chance to catch up a little
bit let's see if it can finally beat
Blaine
foreign
knock that one out cool
here another paralysis don't like that
growl come on
hey we do out speed here though he
reflects
it's paralyzed now
a fire blast he gets the burn we get a
crit
fire blasts again oh we're so close
Hyper Beam yes there we go
oh God it took level 68 to beat Blaine
oh God that's so stupid
oh man
I'm really promising first attempt for
fat chance against Blaine it turned out
to take seven additional levels of
grinding in order to get through that
fight and now there are only real hope
that we have to catch up to the
memezilla here is if memesilla struggles
really hard against rival 6 and against
Lorelei so let's get back to the Rival 6
fight and see how it's going
but the extra level means we are now
over a damage rounding threshold this
could be what we need in order to get
through here
so here let's go for the Ice Beam there
that's one hitter
here we'll just Ice Beam again there
cool
Thunderbolts
one shots there cool
air Ice Beam
Ice Beam
Ice Beam still four hitter there
we can reflect from Cadabra cybeam
and now psychic
but we knock Kadabra out there okay now
we're going surf we out speed the
Flareon even flamethrower did that much
but
two surfs there we go Chansey goes down
there we go there's a very chancy fight
but uh
we took the chance to take him down
and this meme is headed to the league
Fat Chance is taking its first shot at
Giovanni
[Music]
thank you
here body slam oh we paralyzed the uh
Doug Trio now it hits the earthquake
though look at the damage
okay Persian going submission
since it's super effective slash does
that much though look at that two
slashes is all it takes to completely
destroy us
so this is
good wall for fat chance and we're just
gonna have to take some optional battles
because really we're not even confident
that we can beat the first two Pokemon
consistently with a Chansey and it all
comes down to the fact that he has
really strong physical moves if he lands
something like Fisheries gonna One-Shot
us a critical hit earthquake probably
one shots against Jancy here and we know
that the Persian is just gonna pack a
wall up every single time so I go and
fight a bunch of water type Pokemon down
south of Pallet Town and at the same
time Rhydon is making its way through
the Victory Road and we're gonna get our
first shot at Lorelei before this fight
goes anywhere so let's see how that goes
for our ride on
if none of them work then we go back to
the drawing board
basically
so we out speed here we paralyzed it
but it's a three hit KO here on the
doong that's kind of scary now here are
The Cloister is looking like a
two-hitter gets a clamp on us
and we're dead so at two hours and 30
minutes both of our Challengers have
absolutely hit a wall
there is no way for them to progress
outside of just grinding a large number
of levels here because they don't have
the move sets in order to get through
these opponents and this is a really big
departure from a normal run with either
of these Pokemon in the case of Chansey
it would usually have moves like Ice
Beam bubble beam psychic that would at
least make this Giovanni fight pretty
reasonable and at the same time the
ride-on would typically have a same type
attack bonus with rock slide it's super
effective against four of lorelei's
Pokemon and if it just gets the luck for
her to use the wrong moves it could
normally get through this without having
to grind this many levels but in fact I
had to grind for 30 minutes of real time
before either of these Pokemon made any
real progress and I play at four times
speed so that's two hours of in-game
time that these Pokemon are just
completely struggling here and both are
already way over the level that they
would normally beat the game if they
were just using Norm normal strategy so
the question is which of these walls is
going to be the harder one
here's where meme Zilla has one trump
card up its sleeve the ability to
upgrade its moves
you see physical moves don't really have
a progression where you get a weaker one
and then it's an upgraded to a stronger
one that's basically the same thing
when you're talking about special moves
there's always a 100 accurate 95 base
power version and then a less accurate
but significantly more powerful 120 base
power version of the same type move
and what that means is that Meme Zilla
can start using moves like fireblast
blizzard and thunder to try to get
through this fight rather than just
sticking with its current moveset and
that ability to upgrade moves might be
what actually allows it to gain an
advantage so at this point I have in
fact replaced Thunderbolt with thunder
in order to deal more damage and replace
flamethrower with fire blast in order to
take out the Jinx in a single hit
the question is is it enough to get
through here
well actually it's Chansey who makes
progress first against Giovanni
completely ridiculous
okay so we definitely need the
earthquake at the end know that for a
fact here we missed a Hyper Beam but we
hit the next one that's fine they're
body slam
here let's Hyper Beam him if we can come
on there we go yes
okay we get the paralysis turn one
earthquake
picks that one down good
still on green Health here he guards
specs
so we should be able to earthquake here
to finish this one off yes
now we're just going to earthquake the
whole way on the ride on I think he uses
horn drill that's fine
[Music]
the guard specs that's very fine and we
get the critical hit there we go level
83 is what it took finally to beat
Giovanni oh God
I'm not gonna get the rest of my Pokemon
I'm gonna go fight rival or rival six
it'll always confuse rival five rival
six in my head I'm just I get to this
point my brain is just so fried at this
point that it's like okay like
we made it three hours in we're finally
to rival six
how long is this gonna take to beat the
league that's the question
okay
let's try again body slam body slam
body slam cool
Hyper Beam
oh doesn't one shot oh God
okay but we avoid the leech seed this
time at least so that is a small victory
um
okay now submission like we're poisoned
but poison is fine it's the leaf seed
that we don't want
okay
okay now we can body slam that one here
cadabra just gets a Hyper Beam nice
see if we can just Hyper Beam this oh
it's not enough
oh but he peels with the potion we got
him
just like that fat chance has managed to
beat rival 6 and is on its way to the
league but meme Zilla is all the way up
to level 75 fighting against Lorelei so
let's see how that's going
[Music]
okay we're now at level 75 though so we
should be doing even more damage here
um it's not quite a one-hitter there but
here we'll use surf so we take that one
down
here she misses clamp thank God so we're
able to hit Thunder after we missed the
first one
Thunder on Slowbro was a one-hitter
there
we outspeed Jinx because of the badge
boost and we one shot it
Thunder here on the Lapras it misses
blizzard oh we missed it hits blizzard
we survived oh there we go at level 75
we were able to beat Lorelei finally and
since jancy's still getting ready for
the league let's get straight to the
Bruno fight
but I have the faith that we're gonna
get through this one starting oh not
with thunder surf come on
here I think we fire blast here it's the
strongest move yes fire blast here yes
your surf
okay
and now
let's go fire blast
we get a submission but it didn't do
that much damage
okay we get another submission we're out
of pp
and thunder ends it okay so Bruno goes
down
that was easy Bruno
still a chump
oh
but it's not guaranteed to use it so I
vote that we go Ice Beam for the chance
of the freeze
we got a critical hit there but it went
substitute we broke its substitute it
sets up a new substitute we get licked
oh there's the mega drain that does
massive damage
yeah
hey we broke its substitute but yeah we
probably need to focus more on the 100
accurate moves now we did freeze the
Gengar here so we have effectively won
against the first Pokemon
but we've also lost a lot of Health here
I'm going to go for Ice Beam
it's not quite enough to knock out the
golbats we're gonna stick with Ice Beam
here against the Haunter
we hit ourselves we get paralyzed now
and we knock ourselves out okay
so me Matilda hits a wall on Agatha and
that gives Fat Chance a chance to get to
the league let's see how its first
attempts against loreleigos and if it
can finally catch up
all right
[Music]
oh God
we are 30 levels higher
[Music]
and technically we could copy take down
here but I think I'm gonna wait for
thrash later
okay so that did good damage
now she goes for the rest Strat so I'm
just gonna Hyper Beam her down nice
yeah I don't think we want spike Cannon
so
oops oh no I learned Super Sonic by
mistake rip wasn't paying attention I
thought I was using submission
okay well I mean like these attacking
moves don't really do anything
so should just be a matter of hitting
with submission enough times
to get through this
eventually
okay so we take that one down good
so now I'm just stuck spamming like body
slam because I can't do anything else
hey
here let's just see if Hyper Beam one
shots oh it does on the Jinx nice body
slam oh we get counter body slammed oh
God she's she's figured out the strategy
is to body slam my my chancy
[Music]
hey she goes rest turn one which is
perfect now we just Hyper Beam and win
cool
body slam
more body slams
[Music]
a so there it's paralyzed
now submission it's twice perfect
body slam we don't really fear slowbros
attacks
it's a little bit scarier after it
um boosts with amnesia but
okay so we take that one down let's just
see oh my God we got a genuine Miss with
body slam are you kidding me
we just can't get any luck on this Jinx
my God
okay we finally wake up okay so it's not
a one-hitter with body slam there but
Hyper Beam will finish the job
now we're going to mimic
a second body slam here hydro pump
okay but we paralyze it
it's fully paralyzed
she's super potioning but we get through
there we go level 86 to beat Lorelei
that's stupid
oh my God
and as Fat Chance was beating Lorelei it
was here that memesilla decided to use
its last little Ace up his sleeve by
slamming all 12 of his rare candies and
trying Agatha again assistant if we had
an earthquake she'd be pretty consistent
I think but
[Music]
she paralyzes us and immediately goes
for the Mega drain we burned her
and we do take down the Gengar okay
[Music]
we're paralyzed and confused which is
terrible
okay we one shot Golbat though
okay
[Music]
we can take that one down
oh and we froze the final Gengar yes yes
oh we get through oh that was terrible
now we just have to beat Lance now we
have no choice
[Music]
hey he misses a hot Euro pump so that
was nice we knocked that one out now Ice
Beam one hits
Ice Beam one hits the Aerodactyl can
basically do nothing to us the hyper
beams but that's fine we just one shot
it and now Dragonite we out speed and we
one shot there we go oh we got Drew
Lancey boy so in the time that fat
chance was beating Lorelei the 12 rare
candies
arched memes illa allowing it to get
through Agatha and through Lance it's
gonna take its first attempt at the
champion and this could be it
foreign
[Music]
hey there it goes there it goes
so here
I think blizzard is the play against the
first sand slash if we can hit it my God
how many times are we gonna miss the
blizzard there we go we finally hit
here against Alakazam I think it's also
a blizzard spot
so we have to reset there we got
terrible luck
and with memesilla struggling on the
champion that chance gets another chance
to catch up let's check in on the Bruno
fight
[Music]
submission
hey we'll just use submission again
and submission there we go
so here
Hyper Beam sorry we actually didn't want
to do that but here hyper bmk now we'll
Hyper Beam on this one
oh it's not quite a one-hitter
okay and hex defense turn to like a noob
here I'm gonna steal earthquake here
just because it's a hundred percent
accurate it's a better move
and here the XD fin should matter
now body slam
karate chops me
now ex defense
Hyper Beam oh we take down Bruno
Get Wrecked get wrecked by a physical
Chansey oh you fat chance you Legend
and with Bruno going down memesless
still struggling up against the champion
So Fat Chance has another chance to
catch up by taking on Agatha
[Music]
so turn one I'm going to
mimic lick let's see how much it does oh
it only does that much
rip
we're gonna need some like critical hit
nonsense here
so after realizing that at level 86 I
wasn't doing enough damage with lick I
decided to use all of the rare candies
on Fat Chance the thing is I did the
Chansey run after I had already done the
ride on run so I knew exactly where I
was in the run at this time and I knew
that I was running out of time in order
to have a chance to beat him but but the
only way that we could get more levels
than this would be to go back and
re-fight Lorelei and Bruno and I didn't
think I had enough time to do that so I
decided to just use the rare candies PP
up and lick and do my best to try to get
through this one but it's clearly luck
based even at level 100 in fact to get
through this fight we need really good
ranges we need not to heal her up too
much with mega drain or dream eater and
of course we need the licks to hit when
she's not using a substitute the
substitute blocks way too much damage
and we've run out of pp before we can
knock out the three ghosts this one is
technically possible at this level
though it's just a matter of getting all
the hits but will we get them in time
zooming back to the dual view we can see
memezilla and Fat Chance both struggling
heavily to get through the end of the
game here and both of them only have the
option of either beating the opponent in
front of them at their current level or
going back to the start of the league
I thought we had it I thought we had it
right there
no leech seeds Thunder hits
okay Kinesis Miss is here twice
oh and there it's frozen yes I'll get
wrecked
so we're two exeggutor on full health
blizzard leech seed misses oh this might
be it guys
we need the Thunder to hit so badly on
The Cloister though
oh God
it's under hits
oh we won shot okay we're to the Flareon
surf
it's gonna be a two-hko but he uses
reflect there we go
oh my God three hours 27 minutes 35
seconds 37 seconds after we finally get
through the dialogue
37.6
[Laughter]
well what can we say we can say
definitively we didn't have to get to
level 100
but we did have to upgrade our moves so
we might have gotten to level 100 if we
had stayed with our starting move set
um
because yeah
this ride-on is not good
Pokemon Yellow is just too hard for this
ride on at zero DVS
oh man
oh my God
level 8 88 at the end I just need to see
where this puts meme Zilla on the tier
list oh in the end memezilla
is one of the worst Pokemon that we've
ever run on the channel it's better than
mewpoo it gets that too it's better than
mewpoo it's better than Eevee like both
of my Eevee runs were worse than this
memezilla uh it's better than Legend
carp better than Golbat
but man oh man is it not good
oh God
and with memezilla taking down the
victory it was time for fat chance to go
back fight Bruno and Lorelei one more
time so it could get up to level 100 and
at level 100 it's actually able to beat
Agatha it takes a lot of luck to get
this one to work you have to PP up your
mimic so that you can use enough licks
on all of these Ghost type Pokemons and
then you have to of course use Hyper
Beam and Body Slam in order to take out
the non-ghost Pokemon
it's not gonna be consistent even at
level 100 but we did finally manage to
get it to go in this one the one
advantage is we don't hurt ourselves too
much when we hit ourselves in confusion
and moves like psychic don't do that
much so we are able to ultimately get
through
then on Lance we actually need a pretty
decent amount of luck here too because
these Pokemon can use moves like Hyper
Beam that do a lot of damage we really
want this Dragonite to use like fire
blast blizzard and not get status as
long as we can get that we're good we
actually ended up using a mimic Strat
mimicking rap from the second Dragonair
so that we could just wrap this
Dragonite into a range so that we could
finally knock it out
the problem is that Lance uses hyper
potions so we get knocked all the way
down to 12 hp remaining even at level
100 and I wasn't sure if I would get the
range so I went for Hyper Beam and
missed fortunately was fully paralyzed
and a body slam ended it now finally on
the champion we mimicked earthquake from
the first sand slash and that allowed us
to get through the entire Champions team
so we finished with a final time of
three hours 50 minutes and 12 seconds
putting us a good 23 minutes behind
memezilla by the time it was all said
and done but there you go can you beat
the entire game with a Chansey only
using physical moves well yes is it good
no it's terrible can you beat the game
with only a ride on using special moves
yes again should you no it's terrible so
there's only one question left can these
Pokemon beat Mewtwo
and while we roll This outro let me give
some love to the brand new channel
members including four people in the
Pokemon Center tier you guys are amazing
what's up to Heath Mistral psycho roclaw
and Tanner Laswell the blackest Dragon
that's right it's it's actually spelled
like that the blackest dragon that is
absolutely awesome thank you very much
guys appreciate you thanks to all the
other brand new channel members I'll
flash them up on screen and we've just
hit 4K so the next video will be the 4K
thank you special I hope you guys are
really gonna enjoy it we'll get that out
sometime next week so just bear with me
it's gonna be a big project but we're
gonna have a lot of fun with it and with
that being said let's get into the
Mewtwo fight
[Music]
starting out with fat chance its
strategy here is very very simple we can
tank the psychics we're just hoping for
not critical hits and basically not to
get it to use too many barriers and we
just want to paralyze this one now that
we've gotten the paralysis with body
slam the strategy is just about
whittling it down into a range where
hopefully a Hyper Beam can end this one
this is not going to be easy it's going
to take a little bit of time in order to
whittle it down but we are getting it
down to low health so as long as it just
doesn't use recover we should be good
and I decide to go for the Hyper Beam
and we finish it on the first attempt so
that chance gets a little bit of
redemption right here at the end in the
meantime memezilla lost its first
attempts against Mewtwo but the strategy
is clear all we need to do is freeze
this one as soon as we get the freeze
with blizzard we have effectively won
and at that point it's just a matter of
knocking this one out so it's just gonna
be a matter of resets but we are going
to get it eventually we're just using
blizzard and there is the freeze now
with the freeze on we can just stunt on
this one by using surf over and over
until we finally win
so I hope you enjoyed this one thank you
so much for watching
see you all in the next video guys later
[Music]